---
title: Moving
layout: post
thumbnail: chattanooga.jpg
image: chattanooga.png
---

Getting marutried in December was the best thing to ever happen to me. It meant the beginning of my life. The beginning of being able to make real world adult decisions with the help of my partner. Admitedly, we really didn't start doing this until recently. 

Looking back on it now, I should have done it way sooner. We had always said to ourselves, "One day. One day we will live in Chattanooga", but never acted on it. It was "never the right time". There was always an excuse as to why we shouldn't try to leave just yet. 

I have just passed the 1 year mark with Azalea Health. While it has been a tremendous experience, it is time to move on. Valdosta has been a great place for the last 5 years, but I don't think I've ever been able to call it home (as much as I have tried).

>The mountains are calling and I must go
>--John Miur

Sure, it's cheesy. But they really were. Living in a place and being in school at the same time really scews your perception of where it is that you are living. For me, I was working and going to school, so it was easy to say "Yeah, Valdosta isn't so bad". But as soon as you are out of that rhythm and into the 'wakeup-work-eat-sleep-repeat' pattern, that place can either become the most awesome or worst place to be. For us, it was the latter.

Family 3-5 hours away, palm trees, sandy soil, 0 mountains, and 92° days in March were beginning to take their toll. So we decided it was time to start looking at Chattanooga, the land of our dreams.